Hey guys.
So a quick overview of this video we're gonna introduce Gavin we're going to explain what this game
is all about.
We're gonna talk about Visual Studio Community 2019.
We're going to warn you of a couple of traps in the section and then that's it.
So Gavin who are you.
Hello.
So I'm Gavin I've been teaching on real for nearly five years now.
So we gonna get started with this game before we go into Unreal because we just wanna get some foundations
with C++. Absolutely so that's TripleX it's a fun number based puzzle game that's gonna give you just
the foundations you need.
So also if you are watching this video we are using Gavin we using Visual Studio Code.
But Gavin is it possible to follow along in Visual Studio Community.
Yes absolutely yes.
The main... We're teaching in Visual Studio Code.
But if you're using Community or you're used to Community you can absolutely follow along in Visual
Studio Community either 2017 or 2019.
Yeah absolutely.
That's mainly if you are of course, exclusively if you're P.C. guys out there.
OK.
So another slight warning for you at some points in this section we'll be using things that are very
specific to using C++ on the terminal like "cin" and "cout" you'll see those Gavin will guide you through
the points at which you shouldn't dive too deep unless you're specifically interested because those
things won't be applying to Unreal but they're necessary to it to create a game like this on the terminal
and shield you from all the complexity of Unreal and what is the purpose of this section what are we
setting everybody up for.
Yeah we're just getting use up of just that the absolute foundations of C++ really because if you jump
straight into Unreal you just got to be overwhelmed with the amount of stuff that's already there.
So we're just getting you absolutely prepared ready for your first steps into Unreal.
Awesome.
Okay.
So enjoy the section and I think you're gonna find that if you're new to C++ this is going to give you
a great basic foundation.
So over to Gavin, see you in there.